feat: update readme (#224)
frappe/hrms: README.md

<div align="center" markdown="1">

> <img src=".github/frappe-hr-logo.png" alt="Frappe Books logo" width="384"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<img src=".github/frappe-hr-logo.png" alt="Frappe HR logo" width="384"/>
```

    $ bench --site sitename install-app hrms
    ```

## Learning and Community

> 1. [Official documentation](https://frappehr.com/docs) - Extensive documentation for Frappe HR.
> 2. [Discussion Forum](https://discuss.erpnext.com/) - Engage with community of ERPNext users and service providers.
> 3. [Telegram Group](https://t.me/frappehr) - Get instant help from community of users.
> 
> ## Contributions 
> 
> 1. [Issue Guidelines](https://github.com/frappe/erpnext/wiki/Issue-Guidelines) - [Create a issue](https://github.com/frappe/hrms/issues/new)
> 1. [Pull Request Requirements](https://github.com/frappe/erpnext/wiki/Contribution-Guidelines)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Documentation](https://frappehr.com/docs) - Extensive documentation for Frappe HR.
2. [User Forum](https://discuss.erpnext.com/) - Engage with community of ERPNext users and service providers.
3. [Telegram Group](https://t.me/frappehr) - Get instant help from community of users.

## Contribute

1. [Issue Guidelines](https://github.com/frappe/erpnext/wiki/Issue-Guidelines) - [Create a issue](https://github.com/frappe/hrms/issues/new)
1. [Contribution Guidelines](https://github.com/frappe/erpnext/wiki/Contribution-Guidelines)
```
